GC: Precisely explain what objects are retained (#3554)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/reference/garbage-collection.md

Example GC rules for a repository:
```json
{
  "default_retention_days": 14,
  "branches": [
    {"branch_id": "main", "retention_days": 21},
    {"branch_id": "dev", "retention_days": 7}
  ]
}
```

In the above example, objects are retained for 14 days after deletion by default. However, if they are present in the branch `main`, they are retained for 21 days.
Objects present in the `dev` branch (but not in any other branch), are retained for 7 days after they are deleted.

### What gets collected

Because each object in lakeFS may be accessible from multiple branches, it
might not be obvious what objects will be considered garbage and collected.

Garbage collection is configured by specifying the number of days to retain
objects on each branch.  If a branch is configured to retain objects for a
given number of days, any object that was accessible from the HEAD of a
branch in that past number of days will be retained.

The garbage collection process proceeds in two main phases:

* **Discover which commits will retain their objects.**  For every branch,

>   GC looks at the HEAD of the branch that many days ago; every commit at or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the garbage collector looks at the HEAD of the branch that many days ago; every commit at or
```

	  commit id: "2022-03-01 🚮"
	  commit id: "2022-03-09"
  branch dev
  checkout main
	  commit id: "2022-03-12"
  checkout dev
	  commit id: "d: 2022-03-14 🚮"
	  commit id: "d: 2022-03-16 🚮"
  checkout main
	  commit id: "2022-03-18"
  checkout dev
	  commit id: "d: 2022-03-20 🚮"
	  commit id: "d: 2022-03-23"
  checkout main
  merge dev
	  commit id: "2022-03-26"
  ```
  
  Continuing the example, branch `main` retains for 21 days and branch `dev`
  for 7.  When running GC on 2022-03-31:

  - 7 days ago, on 2022-03-24 the head of branch `dev` was `d:
    2022-03-23`.  So that commit is retained (along with all more recent
    commits on `dev`), but all older commits `d: *` will be collected.
  - 21 days ago, on 2022-03-10, the head of branch `main` was
    `2022-03-09`.  So that commit is retained (along with all more recent
    commits on `main`), but commits `2022-02-27` and `2022-03-01` will be
    collected.

* **Discover which objects need to be garbage collected.** Hold (_only_)
  objects accessible on some retained commits.

  In the example, all objects of commit `2022-03-12`, for instance, are
  retained.  This _includes_ objects added in previous commits.  However,

>   objects added in commit `d: 2022-03-14` and overwritten in commit `d:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  objects added in commit `d: 2022-03-14` and overwritten or deleted in commit `d:
```
?
